<< [[2024-03-25]] - [[2024-03-27]] >>

# Log
7:00 woke up but was half sleeping
7:30 mom started car -> I stood up
7:30 - 8:54 toilet -> shower -> rice, cauliflower breakfast -> ==Meditate== -> Refill water dispenser
After 15 min my mind was very empty. There wasn't much in my [[Working memory]] either. I could very clearly see which thoughts where in my mind and what thoughts they brought with them. I could choose very consciously which thoughts I wanted and which I don't wanted to think. My mind felt like an empty room and I could very clearly see the thoughts that were in that room the the ones that wanted to come in to it.
8:54 - 9:04 write log entry
9:04 - 11:05 YouTube Minecraft videos -> clean up room -> Meditate* -> Inquired into my Homework resistance
11:09 - 11:13 Updated and corrected CV
11:14 - 12:07 Driving school app
12:07 - 14:39 Go outside to loosely meditate(noisy mind) -> Shadow work continuation [[Self Shadow work.jpeg|300]] -> Clean room -> talked to grandma 
14:48 - 14:58 Brushed teeth
14:59 - 15:42 Driving school app -> Toilet
15:42 - 17:00 [Ashtanga Yoga](https://youtu.be/1Krp4W0TlAU?si=pp7bjl730POYeWeh)
17:00 - 18:11 ==right after my Yoga session I kept laying on the floor. I started visualizing me having sex with a woman in my parents room. Than we showered together. **Beautiful**.
After that I focused on my bodily sensations -> thought of nothing and noticed how I had almost fallen asleep. It felt like I, awareness, fell from the back of my head. But I rose up quickly again.
Now I feel very meditative.
Ideas I had:
1. Stop ripping of fingernails
2. Lucid dream
3. Turn clock to: every hour beep. To question if I‘m awake
4. Make every moment as beautiful as possible 
18:11 - 18:23 Log entry 
18:23 - 18:52 fold up socks(Stil meditative and aware movement)
